A global design products manufacturer wanted to recalibrate its APAC strategy, using ecommerce as a key driver of revenue in the region. Existing distributor models were unclear, creating channel conflict. Client also wanted an online strategy that would provide greatest reach and best user experience without creating channel conflict.,  ,Tactics:,<li>APAC-wide inventory of online and offline distribution, utilizing partner network in Korea and Japan.</li><li>Discovery and recommendations for competing with existing online distribution, including steps for unauthorized distributors.</li><li>Design of APAC e-commerce plan, including list of recommended platforms, website localization and integration plans, hosting parameters.</li><li>Design of APAC marketing campaign, including SEO plan, SEM steps, focused portals for display advertising, and facilitation steps for all necessary accounts<br><br><br></li>, Results:,A dual language site was created for Korea and Japan, with integration to Rakuten, Japan’s largest e-commerce platform. SEO and SEM implemented on Naver, Korea’s top search engine, and Yahoo! Japan’s vast shopping listings. Dual language simplified and traditional Mandarin site created for mainland China and Hong Kong, with integration with Tmall. SEO and SEM launched on Baidu, China’s top search engine, as well as Google Hong Kong. These measures, along with a robust display advertising campaign, drove efficient penetration of the APAC market, while keeping existing distribution in place.